Token auth (#44)
mstinaff/PMS_Updater: README.md

PMS_Updater
===========
Note: I think python temporarily broke in 1.16.6.1559, if you happen to be on this release, or any other that broke python, you can manually update to get around something like this.

To get around it download the file manually and install like this,

cd /tmp

fetch https://downloads.plex.tv/plex-media-server-new/1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7/freebsd/PlexMediaServer-1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7-FreeBSD-amd64.tar.bz2

/root/PMS_Updater.sh -l /tmp/PlexMediaServer-1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7-FreeBSD-amd64.tar.bz2

> ==========

Reviewer: What about moving this in a new Troubleshooting section at the end of the readme?

````md
Troubleshooting
============

Python temporarily broke in some Plex version, probably in 1.16.6.1559.
If you happen to be on this release, or any other that broke python, you
can manually update to get around something like this:

```sh
cd /tmp
fetch https://downloads.plex.tv/plex-media-server-new/1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7/freebsd/PlexMediaServer-1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7-FreeBSD-amd64.tar.bz2
/root/PMS_Updater.sh -l /tmp/PlexMediaServer-1.16.6.1592-b9d49bdb7-FreeBSD-amd64.tar.bz2
```
````

   -v      Verbose
```
   

> Script will auto determine if you installed plexpass or normal version. It will auth using your server's auth token, no more login/password required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will auto determine if you plexpass or normal version is installed. It will auth using your server's auth token, no login/password required.
```

The script can also be called from a cronjob to check for updates on a regular schedule.

Dependencies
===========

> Should be no more dependencies.

Reviewer: I would remove the whole section here :)
